go write good and color back yep good
right each time you do this you make a
little bit further and further this way
that's been a while we've taught about
the park and okay it makes it easier
hold it by the collar okay well here you
go further around then I go right there
[Music]
I'd like to see you let go the collar
this time please or let her drag it not
that one she won't come back to you oh
yeah let's just do that good income yeah
it's good there we go don't need no
stinkin leash okay look anyway let's go
a little further okay there you go now
will she leave you even though he notes
you have food now nice good
so brighten this time send her and then
run behind the blind and call her around
so send her and then you run that way
sure I would say take it in witches now
try say search was to leave you yeah
plus you have food in your hand go find
it
and call yeah good job good job
oh yeah hold her right there Christina
come this way please yeah hold it yeah
you're have to hold her call this time
this time Christine's gonna load her
Brian be on her other side so you can
direct her around this way top side okay
turn your body towards her there you go
and director and Paul a little bit but
hey she worked through it right okay
let's do it again okay sure you're Brian
so to get to get her to come faster to
you go upfield and go Dantley go away
from her like really call it let her
hear your voice from a distant I'll come
up in blocker so she can't come out this
way yes yeah don't send her and tell
Christine it's all the way on the
picture please you're good now Brian
start start working your way go upfield
more but be further away from the blind
there you go Xena's her name not yet and
then one more time we're gonna call it
good go a little bit further
Brian towards them there you go cinder